# Week 1 Part 2

## Build User APIs


### Build User Sign In APIs

Refer to [User Sign In API](https://github.com/AppWorks-School-Materials/API-Doc/tree/master/Canchu#user-sign-in-api) to build this API for front-end.

#### Native Email/Password Authentication

In the end, you will build two method for user authentication; while we can only implement native email/password authentication mechanism just for now.

Every time user sign in successfully, you should update and response a [JSON Web Tokens](https://jwt.io/introduction) to front-end.

----
## Advance
### Integrate Facebook Login

Login with Facebook is a popular authorization mechanism in modern websites. You should support Facebook Login from backend aspect. Check following steps for standard procedure of Facebook Login:

1. User will login with facebook in the front end.
2. Front End will get an **facebook access token** from Facebook server.
3. Front End should send this **facebook access token** to User Sign In API supported by backend.
4. Backend should use received **facebook access token** to call **Facebook Graph API** for user profile.
5. Backend save user profile in the database and generate our own **access token** for this user.
6. Backend send **access token** back to front end.
7. Backend use **access token** generated by ourselves to authorize following requests from front-end.

Refer to [Facebook Graph API](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/graph-api) for more information.  
You can use any connection tools like `fetch` (NodeJS v18+), `axios`, `node-fetch`, `got`, ... to call Facebook Graph API.

Note: `request` library was deprecated, do not use this one. (Since Feb 11th 2020)